c:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\bin\Debug\Serveit.exe.config
c:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\bin\Debug\Serveit.exe
c:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\bin\Debug\Serveit.pdb
c:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\obj\Debug\Serveit.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\obj\Debug\Serveit.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\obj\Debug\Serveit.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\obj\Debug\Serveit.exe
c:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\obj\Debug\Serveit.pdb
c:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\obj\Debug\Serveit.DineIn.resources
c:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\obj\Debug\Serveit.MainPage.resources
c:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\obj\Debug\Serveit.NewReceipt.resources
c:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\obj\Debug\Serveit.RePrint.resources
c:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\obj\Debug\Serveit.LogIn.resources
C:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\obj\Debug\Serveit.EditReceipt.resources
C:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\bin\Debug\serveitDB.mdf
C:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\bin\Debug\serveitDB_log.ldf
C:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\obj\Debug\Serveit.ViewReceipt.resources
C:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\obj\Debug\Serveit.EditMenuItem.resources
C:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\obj\Debug\Serveit.InfoForm.resources
C:\Users\abdur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serveit\Serveit\obj\Debug\Serveit.Registeration.resources
